who's 10:50 then she'll think about
sister mr. Fujita yeah I want to nobody
want you certainly off-key blah
[Applause]
too much gold did oh they're like free
tea topic Thomas definitely child
Falacci daddy stole my Tamagotchi Atty
Dumas loser body chill finger rotation
coastal Chiara Baskerville real estate
I'm wearing this at the World Food
Authority PETA touching Valcke a bonnet
Thor's namuci chemist merging cold egg
sushi Tocqueville favorite though my
school take that it was a PNH - Boris
budget sponsor little SWAT skate jelly
decorations for the room
finger finger boards between the
clearance very special people in a bitch
okay
justice chicken is Irma
[Music]